MARKETING SOLUTIONS


I apologize for misunderstanding your request. Here's the translation with Chinese right below the English:

Welcome! We are Matrixwish Inc
欢迎！我们是Matrixwish公司。

Pioneer marketing solutions provider across the globe for over a decade now
我们是全球超过十年历史的先驱营销解决方案提供商。

We are one of the finest Market Researcher globally. Endowed with excellent email marketing and data management solutions we cater the exact needs of our audience. We furnish a complete list of prospective users and clients belonging to various industries. Our databases are updated quarterly to proffer you the best of data services and statistics in the market.
我们是全球最优秀的市场调研公司之一。拥有卓越的电子邮件营销和数据管理解决方案，我们满足我们受众的确切需求。我们提供完整的潜在用户和来自不同行业的客户名单。我们的数据库每季度更新，为您提供市场上最优质的数据服务和统计信息。

Our Mission
我们的使命

At Matrixwish we desire to satisfy our customers with the highest rate of ROI possible. We focus on presenting our customers with appropriate mailing and email lists with the addition of business intelligence.
在Matrixwish，我们希望以最高的投资回报率来满足客户的需求。我们专注于为客户提供适当的邮寄和电子邮件列表，并增加商业智能的内容。

We commit to guaranteeing you maximum sales and lead generation and conversion. At Matrixwish we will help you in gaining more business connections from time to time.
我们承诺为您保证最大限度的销售和潜在客户生成以及转化率。在Matrixwish，我们将帮助您不断建立更多的商业联系。

Our database comprises the latest information with the least redundancy. It helps give a clear picture of how to generalize your campaigns. We deliver dedicated results and have a list of satisfied customers who benefit from our services.
我们的数据库包含最新的信息，冗余最少。它有助于清晰地展示如何总结您的营销活动。我们提供专注的结果，并拥有一份受益于我们服务的满意客户名单。

Matrixwish has enabled various organizations to accelerate and maximize their lead-to-money process. Equipping a complete suite of solutions identifying the right leads, ensure proper territory and quota distribution. It has an entire team that helps to automate sales forces, configure your price quotes, and streamline your sales compensation to drive bigger deals faster.
Matrixwish已经帮助各种组织加速和最大化了他们的从潜在客户到收益的过程。提供了一整套解决方案，可以识别正确的潜在客户，确保适当的领域和配额分配。它拥有一个完整的团队，帮助自动化销售团队，配置您的价格报价，并简化销售报酬以推动更大的交易。